Horizon Ships - Version 1.0 20/11/2015

Horizon Ships is a travel system that incorporates elements of special events. 
Players will be able to own, run and travel in ships. Players will also face 
certain challenges when they do so. “Events” refers to interruptions that occur 
during a journey, and can be anything from a pest invasion to a ship breakdown.

A traditional challenge for moving ships on Minecraft servers is the high 
resource demand of changing a staggering number of blocks every time a large 
object moves forwards a single block. Typically, plugins that employ this 
strategy create a large amount of lag and cripple the performance of servers 
that run them. To address this challenge, ships take the form of schematics 
that are copied and pasted to a range of destinations. Players are teleported
to the destination. This approach eliminates a large source of lag. It also 
brings in a new level of flexibility as ships would no longer be restricted to 
a single map – they will now be able to teleport to any physical location 
even if it is in a different map on the server.


DEPENDENCIES
------------

-WorldEdit-
This plugin has a hard dependency on WorldEdit and will not load without it.
WorldEdit is used by this plugin to handle region selection, copying, pasting
saving/loading schematics, and manipulating the block types of large areas.

INSTALLATION
------------

To install this plugin on your server, simply copy "HorizonShips.jar" 
into your "/plugins" directory. Upon the next server restart the plugin will be 
loaded automatically and a default configuration file will be generated. It is 
recommended that the plugin be configured for your individual needs.

FEATURES
--------
- Ships are owned by one player (a player may own multiple ships).
- Ownership of a ship may be transferred from player to player, or assigned
	by an administrator.
- A ship is defined as a schematic that may be copied to its new location and 
	deleted at its old location each time it moves.
- The schematic is updated each time a ship moves (enabling players to customise 
	their ship and store items in it).
- A ship may have a list of destinations that it may travel to, which are 
	predefined by an administrator.
- A ship may be piloted to any of its destinations by a player.
- Each ship may have a list of players who are authorised to pilot it.
	This is defined by the owner or the administrator.
- Each time a ship travels, there is a chance of a special event occuring.
- A player may diagnose a damaged ship to discover which item is required
	to repair it. The item required is configurable, including custom names,
	and whether the item is consumed upon repair.
- A player may repair a ship, provided that they have the required spare part in
	their main hand.
- A ship has a fuel level. Each journey depletes the fuel level by one. A ship 
	with a fuel level of 0 cannot travel. A ship may be refuelled with an item
	type that is configurable. The maximum tank size is also configurable.
- Each ship has general information which is viewable by the owner, the authorised
	pilots, and administrators.

EVENTS
------

- Events are triggered at the end of a journey
- Available events are Bumpy Ride, Infestation, Breakdown, and Fuel Leak.
- There is also a configurable probability of no event occuring.
- The probability of each event is an integer, and the ratio between these
	numbers determines the probability of each.
	(eg. if bumpy ride = 1, infestation = 2, infestation is twice as likely)

Bumpy Ride:

There is a chance to cause injuries to one person currently aboard the ship at 
the end of the journey.
Configurable- probability, damage

Infestation:

Spiders have been living in the ship and have grown to an unprecedented size.
Spiders spawn somewhere inside the ship at the beginning of the journey.
Configurable- probability, number of spiders, poisonous(y/n)

Breakdown:

The ship arrives at the destination, but the ship breaks down at the end of
the journey and cannot travel again until it is repaired.
Configurable- probability, possible spare parts(including custom name and whether it is
				consumed upon repair)
				
Fuel Leak:

During the journey, a fuel leak is discovered. It is repaired without incident,
but the ship is out of fuel when it lands.
Configurable- none


CONFIGURATION
-------------
To configure this plugin, modify the contents of "config.yml" in your 
"/plugins/HorizonShips" directory. Keep in mind this will not be 
generated until the server is started for the first time.

All configuration files for Bukkit use YAML format: http://yaml.org/
-Do not use tabs for indentation, use two spaces instead.
-Capitalisation matters
-Indentation matters

The following options in the configuration file are explained:

refuel:
  maxtank: 10				< --- Maximum tank size
  arrow:				< --- Item that is used to refuel
  							ships
    name: "energy cell"		< --- Custom name for the item when it is
    					referred to inside the plugin
    fills: 1				< --- Number of units one item fills
events:					< --- All configuration pertaining 
						to events
  bumpyRide:				< --- All configuration pertaining
  						to "Bumpy Ride" event
    damage: 8				< --- Amount of health damaged
    					by the event
    probability: 3			< --- Probability of the event
  infestation:
    number: 2				< --- Number of spiders to spawn
    poisonous: false			< --- Whether the spiders are
    						poisonous
    probability: 2
  breakdown:
    probability: 2
    spareParts:				< --- List of spare parts that
    						may be selected as a requirement
    						to repair the ship.
      bedrock: 				< --- Item type
        name: "white Hull"		< --- Custom name
      glass: 
        name: "glass"
      enchanting_table: 
        name: "navigation screen"
      piston:
        name: "piston"
      redstone: 
        name: "copper wire"
    tools:
      ink_sack:
        name: "wrench"
      nether_star:
        name: "soldering iron"
      iron_sword: 
        name: "crowbar"
  none:					< --- Probability of no event happening
    probability: 5
  fuelLeak:
    probability: 1